Notes we don't self-merge PRs on posthog.com (#3449)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/engineering/development-process.md

Our testing, reviewing and building process should be good enough that we're comfortable merging any time.

> Always request a review on your pull request by a fellow team member (or leave unassigned for anyone to pick up when available). We avoid self-merge PRs unless it's an emergency fix and no one else is available (espcially for posthog.com).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Always request a review on your pull request by a fellow team member (or leave unassigned for anyone to pick up when available). We avoid self-merge PRs unless (i) it's an emergency fix and no one else is available (especially for posthog.com) or (ii) it's a typo, not a wording / positioning change
```
